First we need to get the MicroScanner Aquasec set up.
So let's go to that website and register for a token.
We click the check box and then we put it in our email address and click on
Register and we'll get an email shortly.
Now we come back to Jenkins and we're going to go into the Plugin Manager yet again
and in the available we check the Aqua MicroScanner and install without restart.
We'll click that and wait for a minute.
We see the pending interface there and
it's just going to go ahead and pull that for us and we get a success.
So that's great.
Now we need to go about installing Docker.
So we install Docker.
Great. So now we need to give Docker and Jenkins symbiotic permissions.
We do that and we'll come back to our Jenkins web interface.
So now we need to actually restart
our Jenkins so that the changes that we made with our Aquasec can take effect.
Every time we restart we have to reload here.
So just takes a minute while all the library files are loaded up.
Great. So let's login.
Okay. So we're freshly locked in,
now we have to go about configuring the Aquasec first of all.
So the email message that we should have just recently received we need to
configure Aquasec to have
the credentials to have the security token so that it can talk to Aquasec.
So we'll go to the section that says
aqua MicroScanner and you will just fill out your security token.
Come right on back and paste that buddy in there and now we're just going to hit
apply and that's going to make it immediately
take effect and we've already restarted Jenkins.
So now we need to set up things for Docker.
Let's go into global tool configuration and we're just going to search for Docker.
We're going to click on Docker installations
and we're going to set an installation root path
and we're going to set our version number for
the name and then we're just going to go ahead and click apply.
Wonderful. Okay. So now
we have Aquasec installed,
we've got Docker installed and we can switch over to Blue Ocean.
So we're going to go into our development branch
and we see we have a failed previous build.
We're just going to try that one more time.
We're going to open up that build in
the lower right hand corner and then it's going to show us our pipelines.
So we see start and build security scan, upload AWS.
So if we click on the arrow,
we're Aqua MicroScanner as we can see the console output as it's running that we see
MicroScanner in progress and that went by really quickly and uploaded to S3.
Great. So that means that passed and
we've successfully demonstrated security testing with aqua.
We've installed the Jenkins plug-in.
We've installed Docker.
We've configured Jenkins to use Docker.
We've restarted Jenkins and we also added a build step for Aqua security.